<label>eminem</label>
<song>
[Intro]
"Look, I was gonna go easy on you not to hurt your feelings."
"But I'm only going to get this one chance."
"Something's wrong, I can feel it."
Six minutes. Six minutes. Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on!
"Just a feeling I've got. Like something's about to happen, but I don't know what. If that means what I think it means, we're in trouble, big trouble; and if he is as bananas as you say, I'm not taking any chances."
"You are just what the doc ordered."

[Chorus]
I'm beginnin' to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now, who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
They said I rap like a robot, so call me Rap-bot

[Verse 1]
But for me to rap like a computer it must be in my genes
I got a laptop in my back pocket
My pen'll go off when I half-cock it
Got a fat knot from that rap profit
Made a livin' and a killin' off it
Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office
With Monica Lewinsky feelin' on his nutsack
I'm an MC still as honest
But as rude and as indecent as all hell
Syllables, skill-a-holic (Kill 'em all with)
This flippity dippity-hippity hip-hop
You don't really wanna get into a pissin' match
With this rappity brat, packin' a MAC in the back of the Ac'
Backpack rap crap, yap-yap, yackety-yack
And at the exact same time, I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicin' that
I'll still be able to break a motherfuckin' table
Over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half
Only realized it was ironic, I was signed to Aftermath after the fact
How could I not blow? All I do is drop F-bombs
Feel my wrath of attack
Rappers are havin' a rough time period, here's a maxi pad
It's actually disastrously bad for the wack
While I'm masterfully constructing this masterpiece as

[Chorus]
'Cause I'm beginnin' to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now, who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
Let me show you maintainin' this shit ain't that hard, that hard

[Verse 2]
Everybody wants the key and the secret to rap immortality like have got. Well, to be truthful the blueprint's
Simply rage and youthful exuberance
Everybody loves to root for a nuisance
Hit the Earth like an asteroid
Did nothing but shoot for the Moon since (Pew!)
MCs get taken to school with this music
'Cause I use it as a vehicle to "bus the rhyme"
Now I lead a new school full of students
Me? I'm a product of Rakim
Lakim Shabazz, 2Pac, N.W.A, Cube, hey Doc, Ren
Yella, Eazy, thank you, they got Slim
Inspired enough to one day grow up, blow up and be in a position
To meet Run–D.M.C., induct them
Into the motherfuckin' Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
Even though I'll walk in the church and burst in a ball of flames
Only Hall of Fame I'll be inducted in is the alcohol of fame
On the wall of shame
You fags think it's all a game, till I walk a flock of flames
F a plank ain, tell me what in the fuck are you thinkin'?
Little gay-lookin' boy
So gay I can barely say it with a straight face, lookin' boy
You're witnessin' a massacre
Like you're watching a church gathering take place, lookin' boy
"Oy vey, that boy's gay!"—that's all they say, lookin' boy
You get a thumbs up, pat on the back
And a "way to go" from your label every day, lookin' boy
Hey, lookin' boy! What you say, lookin' boy?
I get a "hell yeah" from Dre, lookin' boy
I'ma work for everything I have, never ask nobody for shit
Get outta my face, lookin' boy!
Basically, boy, you're never gonna be capable
Of keepin' up with the same pace, lookin' boy, 'cause—

[Chorus]
I'm beginnin' to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
The way I'm racin' around the track, call me NASCAR, NASCAR
Dale Earnhardt of the trailer park, the White Trash God
Kneel before General Zod
This planet's Krypton—no, Asgard, Asgard

[Verse 3]
So you'll be Thor and I'll be Odin
You rodent, I'm omnipotent
Let off, then I'm reloadin'
Immediately with these bombs, I'm totin'
And I should not be woken
I'm the walkin' dead, but I'm just a talkin' head, a zombie floatin'
But I got your mom deep-throatin'
I'm out my Ramen Noodle
We have nothin' in common, poodle
I'm a Doberman, pinch yourself in the arm and pay homage, pupil
It's me, my honesty's brutal
But it's honestly futile if I don't utilize what I do though
For good at least once in a while
So I wanna make sure somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle enough rhymes
To maybe try to help get some people through tough times
But I gotta keep a few punchlines
Just in case, 'cause even you unsigned
Rappers are hungry lookin' at me like it's lunchtime
I know there was a time where once I
Was king of the underground
But I still rap like I'm on my Pharoahe Monch grind
So I crunch rhymes, but sometimes when you combine
Appeal with the skin color of mine
You get too big and here they come tryin'
To censor you like that one line
I said on "I'm Back" from The Mathers LP 1 when I
Tried to say I'll take seven kids from Columbine
Put 'em all in a line, add an AK-47, a revolver and a 9
See if I get away with it now that I ain't as big as I was, but I'm
Morphin' into an immortal, comin' through the portal
You're stuck in a time warp from 2004 though
And I don't know what the fuck that you rhyme for
You're pointless as Rapunzel with fuckin' cornrows
You write normal? Fuck being normal!
And I just bought a new raygun from the future
Just to come and shoot ya, like when Fabolous made Ray J mad
'Cause Fab said he looked like a fag at Mayweather's pad
Singin' to a man while he played piano
Man, oh man, that was the 24/7 special on the cable channel
So Ray J went straight to the radio station
The very next day, "Hey Fab, I'ma kill you!"
Lyrics comin' at you at supersonic speed (J.J. Fad)
Uh, summa-lumma, dooma-lumma, you assumin' I'm a human
What I gotta do to get it through to you I'm superhuman?
Innovative and I'm made of rubber so that anything you say is ricochetin' off of me and it'll glue to you and
I'm devastating, more than ever demonstrating
How to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating
Never fading, and I know the haters are forever waiting
For the day that they can say I fell off, they'll be celebrating
'Cause I know the way to get 'em motivated
I make elevating music, you make elevator music
"Oh, he's too mainstream."
Well, that's what they do when they get jealous, they confuse it
"It's not hip-hop, it's pop,"—'cause I found a hella way to fuse it
With rock, shock rap with Doc
Throw on "Lose Yourself" and make 'em lose it
"I don't know how to make songs like that
I don't know what words to use."
Let me know when it occurs to you
While I'm rippin' any one of these verses that versus you
It's curtains, I'm inadvertently hurtin' you
How many verses I gotta murder to
Prove that if you were half as nice
Your songs you could sacrifice virgins too?
Ugh, school flunky, pill junkie
But look at the accolades these skills brung me
Full of myself, but still hungry
I bully myself 'cause I make me do what I put my mind to
And I'm a million leagues above you
Ill when I speak in tongues, but it's still tongue-in-cheek, fuck you!
I'm drunk, so, Satan, take the fucking wheel
I'ma sleep in the front seat
Bumpin' Heavy D and the Boyz, still "Chunky but Funky"
But in my head there's something I can feel tugging and struggling
Angels fight with devils, and here's what they want from me
They're askin' me to eliminate some of the women hate
But if you take into consideration the bitter hatred
I have, then you may be a little patient
And more sympathetic to the situation
And understand the discrimination
But fuck it, life's handin' you lemons? Make lemonade then!
But if I can't batter the women
How the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then?
Don't mistake him for Satan; it's a fatal mistake
If you think I need to be overseas and take a vacation
To trip a broad, and make her fall on her face and
Don't be a retard! Be a king? Think not
Why be a king when you can be a God?
</song>
<song>
[Intro]
Look, if you had one shot, or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted, in one moment
Would you capture it, or just let it slip?

[Verse 1]
Yo! His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already: Mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting
What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
He's choking, how? Everybody's joking now
The clock's run out, time's up, over—blaow!
Snap back to reality, ope there goes gravity, ope
There goes Rabbit, he choked, he's so mad but he won't
Give up that easy, no, he won't have it, he knows
His whole back's to these ropes, it don't matter, he's dope
He knows that but he's broke, he's so stagnant, he knows
When he goes back to this mobile home, that's when it's
Back to the lab again yo, this whole rhapsody
Better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him, and

[Chorus]
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…

[Verse 2]
His soul's escaping through this hole that is gaping
This world is mine for the taking, make me king
As we move toward a New World Order
A normal life is boring; but superstardom's
Close to post-mortem, it only grows harder
Homie grows hotter, he blows, it's all over
These hoes is all on him, coast-to-coast shows
He's known as the Globetrotter, lonely roads
God only knows, he's grown farther from home, he's no father
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose, 'cause here goes the cold water
These hoes don't want him no mo', he's cold product
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
He nose-dove and sold nada, and so the soap opera
Is told, it unfolds, I suppose it's old, partner
But the beat goes on: da-da-dom, da-dom, dah-dah, dah-dah

[Chorus]
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…

[Verse 3]
No more games, I'ma change what you call rage
Tear this motherfuckin' roof off like two dogs caged
I was playin' in the beginning, the mood all changed
I've been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhymin' and stepped right in the next cypher
Best believe somebody's payin' the Pied Piper
All the pain inside amplified by the
Fact that I can't get by with my nine-to-
Five and I can't provide the right type of life for my family
'Cause man, these goddamn food stamps don't buy diapers
And there's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life
And these times are so hard, and it's gettin' even harder
Tryna feed and water my seed, plus teeter-totter
Caught up between bein' a father and a prima donna
Baby mama drama, screamin' on her, too much for me to wanna
Stay in one spot, another day of monotony's
Gotten me to the point I'm like a snail, I've got
To formulate a plot or end up in jail or shot
Success is my only motherfuckin' option—failure's not
Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got
To go; I cannot grow old in Salem's Lot
So here I go, it's my shot: feet, fail me not
This may be the only opportunity that I got

[Chorus]
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…

[Outro]
You can do anything you set your mind to, man
</song>
<song>
[Verse]
Let me explain just how to make greatness
Straight out the gate, I'm ’bout to break it down
Ain't no mistakes allowed, but make no mistake, I'm 'bout
To rape the alphabet, I may raise some brows
If I press the issue just to get the anger out (Brrr!)
Full magazine could take Staples out
Savage but ain't thinkin' 'bout no bank account
But bitch, I'm off the chain like Kala Brown
Motherfucker, shut the fuck up when I’m talkin’, lil' bitch
I’m sorry, wait, what's your talent? Oh, critiquin'
My talent? Oh, bitch, I don't know who the fuck y’all are
To give a sub-par bar or even have an opinion or view
You mention me, millions of views, attention in news
I mention you, lose-lose for me, win-win for you
Billions of views, your ten cents are two
Skim through the music to give shit reviews
To get clicks, but bitch, you just lit the fuse
Don't get misconstrued, business as us'
Shit-list renewed, so get shit to do
Or get dissed 'cause I just don't get
What the fuck half the shit is that you're listenin' to
Do you have any idea how much I hate this choppy flow
Everyone copies though? Prob'ly no
Get this fuckin' audio out my Audi yo, adiós
I can see why people like Lil Yachty, but not me though
Not even dissin', it just ain't for me
All I am simply is just an emcee
Maybe "Stan" just isn't your cup of tea (Get it?)
Maybe your cup's full of syrup and lean
Maybe I need to stir up shit, preferably
Shake the world up if it were up to me
Paul wants me to chill, y'all want me to ill
I should eat a pill, probably I will
Old me killed the new me, watch him bleed to death
I breathe on the mirror, I don't see my breath
Possibly I'm dead, I must be possessed
Like an evil spell, I'm E-V-I-L (Evil, spelled)
Jam a Crest Whitestrip in the tip of my dick
With an ice pick, stick it in a vise grip
Hang it on a spike fence, bang it with a pipe wrench
While I take my ball sack and flick it like a light switch
Like Vice President Mike Pence
Back up on my shit in a sidekick as I lay it on a spike strip
These are things that I'd rather do than hear you on a mic
Since nine tenths of your rhyme is about ice and
Jesus Christ, man, how many times is
Someone gonna fuck on my bitch? (Fuck my side chick!)
You won't ever see Em icy
But as cold as I get on the M-I-C
I polarize shit, so the temps might freeze
And your skull might split like I bashed you upside it
Bitch, I got the club on smash like a nightstick (Yeah)
Turn down for what?
I ain't loud enough, nah, turn the Valium up!
'Cause I don't know how I'm gonna get your mouths to shut
Now when it doesn't matter what caliber
I spit at, I'll bet a hundred thousand bucks
You'll turn around and just be like, "Man, how the fuck
Sourpuss gonna get mad just 'cause his album sucks?
And now he wants to take it out on us." (Ooouuu)
But last week, an ex-fan mailed me a copy
Of The Mathers LP to tell me to study
It'll help me get back to myself and she'll love me (Oooouuu)
I mailed the bitch back and said if I did that
I'd just be like everyone else in the fuckin' industry
Especially an effing Recovery clone of me (NFing)
So finger-bang, chicken wang, MGK, Igg' Azae'
Lil Pump, Lil Xan imitate Lil Wayne
I should aim at everybody in the game, pick a name
I'm fed up with bein' humble
And rumor is I'm hungry, I'm sure you heard bumblings
I heard you wanna rumble like an empty stomach
I heard your mumblin' but it's jumbled in mumbo-jumbo
The era that I'm from will pummel you, that's what it's comin' to
What the fuck you're gonna do when you run into it?
I'm gonna crumble you and I'll take a number two
And dump on you, if you ain't Joyner
If you ain't Kendrick or Cole or Sean, then you're a goner
I'm 'bout to bring it to anyone in this bitch who want it
I guess when you walk into BK you expect a Whopper
You can order a Quarter Pounder when you go to McDonald's
But if you're lookin' to get a porterhouse you better go get Revival
But y'all are actin' like I tried to serve you up a slider
Maybe the vocals shoulda been auto-tuned
And you woulda bought it
But sayin' I no longer got it
'Cause you missed a lot and never caught it
'Cause it went over your head, because you're too stupid to get it
'Cause you're mentally retarded, but pretend to be the smartest
With your expertise and knowledge, but you'll never be an artist
And I'm harder on myself than you could ever be regardless
What I'll never be is flawless, all I'll ever be is honest
Even when I'm gone they're gonna say I brought it
Even when I hit my forties like a fuckin' alcoholic
With a bottle full of malt liquor
But I couldn't bottle this shit any longer
The fact that I know that I'ma hit my bottom
If I don't pull myself from the jaws of defeat and rise to my feet
I don't see why y'all even started with me
I get in beefs, my enemies die
I don't cease fire 'til at least all are deceased
I'm east side, never be caught slippin'
Now you see why I don't sleep, not even a wink, I don't blink
I don't doze off, I don't even nod to the beats
I don't even close my fuckin' eyes when I sneeze
"Aw, man! That BET cypher was weak, it was garbage
The Thing ain't even orange—oh my God, that's a reach!"
Shout to all my colorblind people
Each and everyone of y'all, if you call a fire engine green
Aquamarine, or you think water is pink
"Dawg, that's a date." "Looks like an olive to me."
"Look, there's an apple!" No, it's not, it's a peach!
So finger-bang, Pootie Tang
Burger King, Gucci Gang, dookie, dang
Charlamagne gonna hate anyway, doesn't matter what I say
Give me Donkey of the Day
What a way for 2018 to get underway
But I'm gonna say everything that I wanna say
Welcome to the slaughterhouse, bitch! (Yeah)
Invite 'em in like a One A Day
I'm not done (Preach!)
'Cause I feel like the beast of burden
That line in the sand, was it even worth it?
'Cause the way I see people turning's
Makin' it seem worthless, it's startin' to defeat the purpose
I'm watchin' my fan base shrink to thirds
And I was just tryin' to do the right thing, but word
Has the court of public opinion reached a verdict
Or still yet to be determined?
'Cause I'm determined to be me, critiqued or worshipped
But if I could go back, I'd at least reword it
And say I empathize with the people this evil serpent
Sold the dream to that he's deserted
But I think it's workin'
These verses are makin' him a wee bit nervous
And he's too scurred to answer me with words
'Cause he knows that he will lyrically get murdered
But I know at least he's heard it
'Cause Agent Orange just sent the Secret Service
To meet in person to see if I really think of hurtin' him
Or ask if I'm linked to terrorists
I said, "Only when it comes to ink and lyricists."
But my beef is more media journalists
(Hold up, hold up, hold up…)
I said my beef is more meaty, a journalist
Can get a mouthful of flesh
And yes, I mean eatin' a penis
'Cause they been pannin' my album to death
So I been givin' the media fingers
Don't wanna turn this to a counseling sesh
But they been puttin' me through the ringer
So I ain't ironin' shit out with the press
But I just took this beat to the cleaners
</song>
<song>
[Verse 1]
Now this shit's about to kick off, this party looks wack
Let's take it back to straight hip-hop and start it from scratch
I'm 'bout to bloody this track up, everybody get back
That's why my pen needs a pad, 'cause my rhymes on the rag
Just like I did with addiction, I'm 'bout to kick it
Like a magician, critics I turn to crickets
Got 'em still on the fence whether to picket
But quick to get it impaled when I tell 'em, "Stick it!"
So sick I'm looking pale, wait, that's my pigment
'Bout to go ham, ya bish, shout out to Kendrick
Let's bring it back to that vintage Slim, bitch!
The art of MCing mixed with da Vinci and MC Ren
And I don't mean Stimpy's friend, bitch
Been Public Enemy since you thought PE was gym, bitch

[Pre-Chorus]
Kick your shoes off, let your hair down
(And go berserk) all night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out
(And go berserk) all night long

[Chorus 1]
We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud
'Cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So, baby, make just like K-Fed
And let yourself go, let yourself go
Say "Fuck it!" before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody, go berserk, grab your vial, yeah

[Verse 2]
Guess it's just the way that I'm dressed, ain't it?
Khakis pressed, Nike shoes crispy and fresh laced
So I guess it ain't that aftershave
Or cologne that made 'em just faint
Plus I showed up with a coat fresher than wet paint
So if love is a chess game, check mate
But girl, your body's bangin', jump me in, dang, bang-bang
Yes siree 'Bob', I was thinking the same thang
So come get on this Kid's rock, baw with da baw, dang-dang
Pow-p-p-p-pow, chica, pow, chica, wow-wow
Got your gal blowin' up a valve, valve-valve
Ain't slowin' down, throw in the towel, towel-towel
Dumb it down, I don't know how, huh-huh, how-how
At least I know that I don't know
Question is, are you bozos smart enough to feel stupid?
Hope so, now ho…

[Pre-Chorus]
Kick your shoes off, let your hair down
(And go berserk) all night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out
(And go berserk) all night long

[Chorus 2]
We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud
'Cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So crank the bass up like crazy
And let yourself go, let yourself go
Say "Fuck it!" before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody, go berzerk, get your vinyls!

[Scratch]

[Verse 3]
They say that love is powerful as cough syrup in styrofoam
All I know is I fell asleep and woke up in that Monte Carlo
With the ugly Kardashian, Lamar, oh
Sorry yo, we done both set the bar low
Far as hard drugs are though, that's the past
But I done did enough codeine to knock Future into tomorrow
And girl, I ain't got no money to borrow
But I am tryin' to find a way to get you alone: car note
Oh, Marshall Mathers
Shithead with a potty mouth, get the bar of soap lathered
Kangol's and Carheartless Cargos
Girl, you're fixin' to get your heart broke
Don't be absurd, ma'am, you birdbrain, baby
I ain't called anybody baby since Birdman, unless you're a swallow
Word, Rick? (Word, man, you heard)
But don't get discouraged, girl
This is your jam, unless you got toe jam

[Pre-Chorus]
Kick your shoes off, let your hair down
(And go berserk) all night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out
(And go berserk) all night long

[Chorus 1]
We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud
'Cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So, baby, make just like K-Fed
And let yourself go, let yourself go
Say "Fuck it!" before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody, go berserk, grab your vial, yeah
</song>
<song>
[Intro]
I got a song filled with shit for the strong-willed
When the world gives you a raw deal
Sets you off 'til you scream, "Piss off! Screw you!"
When it talks to you like you don't belong
Or tells you you're in the wrong field
When something's in your mitochondrial
'Cause it latched on to you, like—

[Verse 1]
Knock knock, let the devil in
Manevolent as I've ever been, head is spinnin'
This medicine's screamin', "L-L-L-Let us in!"
L-L-L-Like a salad bowl, Edgar Allan Poe
Bedridden, shoulda been dead a long time ago
Liquid Tylenol, gelatins, think my skeleton's meltin'
Wicked, I get all high when I think I've smelled the scent
Of elephant manure—hell, I meant Kahlúa
Screw it, to hell with it, I went through hell with accelerants
And blew up my-my-myself again
Volkswagen, tailspin, bucket matches my pale skin
Mayo and went from Hellmann's and being rail thin
Filet-o-Fish, Scribble Jam, Rap Olympics '97 Freaknik
How can I be down? Me and Bizarre in Florida
Proof's room slept on the floor of 'da motel then
Dr. Dre said, "Hell yeah!"
And I got his stamp like a postcard, word to Mel-Man
And I know they're gonna hate
But I don't care, I barely can wait
To hit 'em with the snare and the bass
Square in the face, this fuckin' world better prepare to get laced
Because they're gonna taste my—

[Chorus]
Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
And I'm not knowin' when I'm
Ever gonna slow up and I'm
Ready to snap any moment I'm
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)
Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
And I'm not knowin' when I'm
Ever gonna slow up and I'm
Ready to snap any moment I'm
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)

[Verse 2]
I said knock knock, let the devil in
Shotgun p-p-pellets in the felt pen
Cocked, fuck around and catch a hot one
It-it's evident I'm not done
V-Venomous, the thoughts spun
Like a web and you just caught in 'em
Held against your will like a hubcap or mud flap
Beat strangler attack
So this ain't gonna feel like a love tap
Eat painkiller pills, fuck up the track
Like, what's her name's at the wheel? Danica Patrick
Threw the car into reverse at the Indy, a nut crashin'
Into ya, the back of it just mangled steel
My Mustang and the Jeep Wrangler grill
With the front smashed, much as my rear fender, assassin
Slim be a combination of an actual kamikaze and Gandhi (Gandhi)
Translation, I will probably kill us both
When I end up backin' into ya
You ain't gonna be able to tell what the fuck's happenin' to ya
When you're bit with the—

[Chorus]
Venom, adrenaline momentum
And I'm not knowin' when I'm
Ever gonna slow up and I'm
Ready to snap any moment I'm
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)
Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
And I'm not knowin' when I'm
Ever gonna slow up and I'm
Ready to snap any moment I'm
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)

[Verse 3]
I said knock knock, let the devil in
Alien, E-E-Elliott phone home
Ain't no telling when this chokehold
On this game will end, I'm loco
Became a Symbiote, so
My fangs are in your throat, ho
You're snake-bitten with my—venom
With the ballpoint pen I'm
Gun cocked, bump stock, double-aught, buckshot
Tire thumper, a garrote, tie a couple knots
Fired up and caught fire, juggernaut
Punk rock, bitch, it's goin' down like Yung Joc
'Cause the Doc put me on like sunblock
Why the fuck not, you only get one shot
Ate shit 'til I can't taste it
Chased it with straight liquor
Then paint thinner, then drank 'til I faint
And awake with a headache
And I take anything in rectangular shape
Then I wait to face the demons I'm bonded to
'Cause they're chasin' me but I'm part of you
So escapin' me is impossible
I latch onto you like a—parasite
And I probably ruined your parents' life
And your childhood too
'Cause if I'm the music that y'all grew up on
I'm responsible for you retarded fools
I'm the super villain Dad and Mom was losin' their marbles to
You marvel that? Eddie Brock is you
And I'm the suit, so call me—

[Chorus]
Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
And I'm not knowin' when I'm
Ever gonna slow up and I'm
Ready to snap any moment I'm
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)
Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
And I'm not knowin' when I'm
Ever gonna slow up and I'm
Ready to snap any moment I'm
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)
</song>
<song>
[Verse 1]
Hah, yeah, I'm a fuckin' kamikaze crashin' into everything
You beat me, Islamic Nazi, that means there is no such thing
I've been goin' for your jugular since Craig G "Duck Alert"
Wedgie in my underwear, the whole bed sheet and the comforter
Stuck up in my rectal crack, kiss my disrespectful ass
I'll ride through your cul-de-sac
Window cracked, bumpin' your reference tracks
Y-You collaborative effort rap, I-I have never said his raps
O-Overstayed my welcome, stepped in crap
And ruined your welcome mat
So spit that shit from the heart, you didn't write like you wrote it (Wrote it) (Yeah)
While I teabag the microphone 'cause I go nuts on it (On it) (Yeah)
Like a fighter jet lined with explosives that'll strike any moment
Headed right at opponents and I'm the fuckin' pilot that flown it
I'm 'bout to—

[Chorus]
Smash into everyone, crash into everything
Back and I've just begun, "FACK" 2017
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
I'm a Kamikaze, gonna
Smash into everyone, crash like an F-15
Damage already done, y'all shoulda let me be
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
I'm a Kamikaze, gonna

[Verse 2]
I turned to rap 'cause it made me feel tough when I wasn't (Wasn't)
From the moment I heard rappers cussin', I was in (Was in)
Which is why I identify with the guy
Who I was invented by, Dre's Frankenstein
Energized like a nine volt
Ice cold like Snake Eyes, twice in a row on a dice roll
But if the only reason I blowed is 'cause I'm white though
Why don't every other white rapper sell what I sold? (Ooh)
Kamikaze pilot, I wrote my suicide note
Here come the guys in white coats tryin' to stop me
'Fore I jump behind the controls and try to fly into foes
'Cause I'm takin' y'all with me when I go cyclone
I don't think this typhoon's lettin' up any time soon, here I go
Eyes closed, blindfolded, I'm 'bout to—

[Chorus]
Smash into everyone, crash into everything
Back and I've just begun, "FACK" 2017
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
I'm a Kamikaze, gonna
Smash into everyone, crash like an F-15
Damage already done, y'all should've let me be
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
I'm a Kamikaze, gonna

[Bridge]
Smash
Kamikaze, kamikaze
Kami, kami-kamikaze, kamikaze, kami-kamikaze (kamikaze)
Take a look at what I've done

[Verse 3]
I heard your freestyle on Shade 45, that shit was embarrassing
There is no way we ever air that shit again, I guarantee that
Wait, that shit was so ass it's somethin' we wouldn't dare re-air it
The shit's embarrassing as me rear-ending Tara Reid bare
In my therapy chair, my dick is the hair length of Cher
Each nut is the chair width of an Acorn stairlift, beware of me
Lyrically I'm terrible, better get your lyrics prepared
Richard Ramirez is here, serial killin' every beat there is
Wait, wait, got the eeriest feelin'
Somethin' evil is lurkin', I'm no conspiracy theorist
But somethin' here is a foot—oh yeah, it's my dick
Get the measurin' stick (What?), twelve inches of wood (Haha)
Wait, but I've been goin' for your jugular since Craig G "Duck Alert"
And I've come to pay respects
'Cause if you sleep you're fucked—other words
You get laid to rest and I hope your butt is hurt
Put me on a track, I go cray on it like a color book
You got some views, but you're still below me
Mine are higher, so when you compare our views, you get overlooked
And I don't say the hook unless I wrote the hook
And now I'm just freestylin' in the vocal booth
And you know I've always spoke the truth
You're lyin' through your teeth so much you broke a tooth
And it ain't somethin' I need a phone to do
When I say I can't wait 'til I get ahold of you
And I don't know what I'm s'posed to do
Line up the rappers, take my pic like a photo shoot
</song>
<song>
[Refrain 1: Eminem]
Two trailer park girls go 'round the outside
'Round the outside, 'round the outside
Two trailer park girls go 'round the outside
'Round the outside, 'round the outside

[Refrain 2: Eminem]
Guess who's back, back again
Shady's back, tell a friend
Guess who's back, guess who's back
Guess who's back, guess who's back
Guess who's back, guess who's back
Guess who's back

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I've created a monster, ‘cause nobody wants to
See Marshall no more, they want Shady, I'm chopped liver
Well, if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya
A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
Some vodka that'll jump start my heart quicker
Than a shock when I get shocked at the hospital
By the doctor when I'm not co-operating
When I'm rocking the table while he's operating (Hey!)
You waited this long, now stop debating
‘Cause I'm back, I'm on the rag and ovulating
I know that you got a job, Ms. Cheney
But your husband's heart problem's complicating
So the FCC won't let me be
Or let me be me, so let me see
They try to shut me down on MTV
But it feels so empty without me
So, come on and dip, bum on your lips
Fuck that! Cum on your lips and some on your tits
And get ready, ‘cause this shit's about to get heavy
I just settled all my lawsuits—fuck you, Debbie!

[Hook: Eminem]
Now this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me
‘Cause we need a little controversy
‘Cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me
‘Cause we need a little controversy
‘Cause it feels so empty without me

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Little hellions, kids feeling rebellious
Embarrassed their parents still listen to Elvis
They start feeling like prisoners helpless
'Til someone comes along on a mission and yells, "Bitch!"
A visionary, vision is scary
Could start a revolution, polluting the airwaves
A rebel, so just let me revel and bask
In the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass (*smack*)​​
And it's a disaster, such a catastrophe
For you to see so damn much of my ass—you asked for me?
Well, I'm back, na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na
Fix your bent antenna, tune it in, and then I'm gonna
Enter in, and up under your skin like a splinter
The center of attention, back for the winter
I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling
Infesting in your kid's ears and nesting
Testing, "Attention please"
Feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
Here's my ten cents, my two cents is free
A nuisance, who sent? You sent for me?

[Hook: Eminem]
Now this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me
‘Cause we need a little controversy
‘Cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me
‘Cause we need a little controversy
‘Cause it feels so empty without me

[Verse 3: Eminem]
A tisk-it a task-it, I'll go tit for tat with
Anybody who's talking "this shit, that shit"
Chris Kirkpatrick, you can get your ass kicked
Worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards
And Moby? You can get stomped by Obie
You 36-year-old baldheaded fag, blow me
You don't know me, you're too old, let go
It's over, nobody listens to techno
Now let's go, just give me the signal
I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults
I've been dope, suspenseful with a pencil
Ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol
But sometimes the shit just seems
Everybody only wants to discuss me
So this must mean I'm disgusting
But it's just me, I'm just obscene
Though I'm not the first king of controversy
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley
To do black music so selfishly
And use it to get myself wealthy (Hey!)
There's a concept that works
Twenty million other white rappers emerge
But no matter how many fish in the sea
It'd be so empty without me

[Hook: Eminem]
Now this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me
‘Cause we need a little controversy
‘Cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me
‘Cause we need a little controversy
‘Cause it feels so empty without me
</song>
<song>
Part 1: Produced by S1 and M-Phazes

[Verse 1]
It's like I'm in this dirt, digging up old hurt
Tried everything to get my mind off you, it won't work
All it takes is one song on the radio, you're
Right back on it, reminding me all over again
How you fucking just brushed me off and left me so burnt
Spent a lot of time tryin' to soul search
Maybe I needed to grow up a little first
Well, looks like I hit a growth spurt
But I'm coming for closure
Don't suppose an explanation I'm owed, for
The way that you turned your back on me
Just when I may have needed you most
Oh, you thought it was over? You could just close the
Chapter and go about your life like it was nothing?
You ruined mine, but you seem to be doin' fine
Well, I've never recovered
But tonight I bet you that what you're
'Bout to go through's tougher than anything I ever have suffered
Can't think of a better way to define poetic justice
Can I hold grudges? Mind saying, "Let it go, fuck this."
Heart's saying, "I will, once I bury this bitch alive
Hide the shovel and then drive off in the sunset."

[Hook: Sarah Jaffe]
I flee the scene like it was my last ride
You see right through
Oh, you had me pegged the first time
You can see the truth, but it's easier to justify
What's bad is good and I hate to be the bad guy
I just hate to be the bad guy
(Follow me, I ruh-uh-un; follow me, I ruh-uh-un)
I just hate to be the bad guy
(Follow me, I ruh-uh-un; follow me, I ruh-uh-un)

[Verse 2]
And to think I used to think you was the shit, bitch
To think it was you at one time I worshipped, shit
Think you can hurt people and just keep getting away with it?
Not this time, you better go and get the sewing kit, bitch!
Finish this stitch, so you can reap what you sew, nitwit
Thought some time would pass and I'd forget it? Forget it!
You left our family in shambles
And you expect me to just get over him, pretend he never existed?
May be gone but he's not forgotten
And don't think ‘cause he's been out the pictures
So long that I've stopped the plottin' and still ain't comin' to get ya
You're wrong and that shit was rotten
And the way you played him, same shit you did to me, cold
Have you any idea the shit that I've gone through?
Feelings I harbor? All this pent-up resentment I hold on to?
Not once you call to ask me how I'm doin'
Letters, you don't respond to 'em
Fuck it, I'm coming to see you
And, gee, who better to talk to than you?
The cause of my problems
My life is garbage, and I'm 'bout to take it out on you
Poof, then I'm gone, voosh

[Hook: Sarah Jaffe]
I flee the scene like it was my last ride
You see right through
Oh, you had me pegged the first time
You can see the truth, but it's easier to justify
What's bad is good and I hate to be the bad guy
I just hate to be the bad guy
(Follow me, I ruh-uh-un; follow me, I ruh-uh-un)
I just hate to be the bad guy
(Follow me, I ruh-uh-un; follow me, I ruh-uh-un)

[Verse 3]
I've been drivin' around your side of this town
Like 9 frickin' hours and 45 minutes now
Finally I found your new address, park in your drive
Feel like I've been waiting on this moment all of my life
And it's now arrived, and my mouth is full of saliva
My knife is out and I'm ducking on the side of your house
See, it's sad it came to this point
Such a disappointment I had to make this appointment
To come and see ya, but I ain't here for your empathy
I don't need your apology or your friendship or sympathy
It's revenge that I seek
So I sneak vengefully, and treat your bedroom window
Like I reached my full potential: I peeked
Continue to peep, still bent low, then keep
Tapping the glass lightly then start to crescendo, sneak
All the way 'round to the back porch
Man, door handles unlocked, shouldn't be that easy to do this
You don't plan for intruders beforehand?
Surprised to see me? Cat caught your tongue?
Gag, chloroform rag, dag, almost hack-up a lung
Like you picked an axe up and swung, stick to the core plan
Dragged to the back of a trunk by one of your fans
Irony's spectacular, huh? Now who's a faggot, you punk?
And here's your Bronco hat
You can have that shit back ‘cause they suck
It's just me, you and the music now, Slim, I hope you hear it
We're in the car right now – wait, here comes my favorite lyric
"I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die"
And hey, here's a sequel to my
Mathers LP just to try to get people to buy
How's this for a publicity stunt? This should be fun!
Last album now, ‘cause after this you'll be officially done
Eminem killed by M and M, Matthew Mitchell
Bitch, I even have your initials
I initially was gonna bury you next to my brother, but fuck it
Since you're in love with your city so much, I figured, what the fuck
The best place you could be buried alive is right here
Two more exits, time is quite near
Hope we don't get stopped, no license I fear
That sirens I hear? Guess 90 on the freeway wasn't the brightest idea, as cops appear in my driver's side mirror
(Oh, God! Police! Aaaghh!)
Hope Foxtrot gets an aerial shot of your burial plot, at least
New plan, Stan!
Slim: "Chauvinist pig drove in this big Lincoln Town Car"
Well, gotta go, almost at the bridge
Ha ha, big bro, it's for you; Slim, this is for him
And Frank Ocean; oh, hope you can swim good
Now say you hate homos again!

Part 2: Produced by StreetRunner

[Verse 4]
I also represent
Anyone on the receiving end of those jokes you offend
I'm the nightmare you fell asleep and then woke up still in
I'm your karma closing in with each stroke of a pen
Perfect time to have some remorse to show for your sin
Nope, it's hopeless, I'm the denial that you're hopelessly in
When they say all of this is approachin' its end
But you refuse to believe that it's over, here we go all over again
Back's to the wall, I'm stacking up all them odds
Toilets clogged, yeah, ‘cause I'm talking a lot of
Shit but I'm backing it all up
But in my head there's a voice in the back and it hollers
After the track is demolished, I am your lack of a conscience
I'm the ringing in your ears
I'm the polyps on the back of your tonsils
Eatin' your vocal chords after your concerts
I'm your time that's almost up that you haven't acknowledged
Grab for some water
But I'm that pill that's too jagged to swallow
I'm the bullies you hate that you became
With every faggot you slaughtered
Coming back on you, every woman you insult
Batter, but the double-standards you have
When it comes to your daughters
I represent everything you take for granted
‘Cause Marshall Mathers, the rapper's persona
Is half a facade, and Matthew and Stan's just symbolic
Of you not knowing what you had 'til it's gone
‘Cause after all the glitz and the glam
No more fans that are calling your name
Cameras are off, sad, but it happens to all of them
I'm the hindsight to say, “I told you so!”
Foreshadows of all the things that are to follow
I'm the future that's here to show you what happens tomorrow
If you don't stop after they call ya
Biggest laughing stock of rap who can't call it quits
When it's time to walk away, I'm every guilt trip
The baggage you have, but as you gather up all your possessions
If there's anything you have left to say
'Less it makes an impact, then don't bother
So 'fore you rest your case
Better make sure you're packin' a wallop
So, one last time, I'm back
Before it fades into black and it's all over
Behold the final chapter in a saga
Tryin' to recapture that lightning trapped in a bottle
Twice, the magic that started
It all, tragic portrait of an artist
Tortured, trapped in his own drawings
Tap into thoughts blacker and darker
Than anything imaginable; here goes a wild stab in the dark
As we pick up where the last Mathers left off
</song>
<song>
[Intro]
May I have your attention, please?
May I have your attention, please?
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
We're gonna have a problem here...

[Verse 1]
Y'all act like you never seen a white person before
Jaws all on the floor like Pam like Tommy just burst in the door
And started whoopin' her ass worse than before
They first were divorced, throwin' her over furniture (Agh!)
It's the return of the "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding
He didn't just say what I think he did, did he?"
And Dr. Dre said… nothing, you idiots!
Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement (ha ha!)
Feminist women love Eminem
"Chicka, chicka, chicka, Slim Shady, I'm sick of him
Look at him, walkin' around, grabbin' his you-know-what
Flippin' the you-know-who," "Yeah, but he's so cute though."
Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
But no worse than what's goin' on in your parents' bedrooms
Sometimes I wanna get on TV and just let loose
But can't, but it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose
"My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips"
And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss
And that's the message that we deliver to little kids
And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is
Of course they're gonna know what intercourse is
By the time they hit fourth grade
They've got the Discovery Channel, don't they?
We ain't nothin' but mammals—well, some of us, cannibals
Who cut other people open like cantaloupes
But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope
But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote
Women, wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus, and it goes—

[Hook]
I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

[Verse 2]
Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records (Nope)
Well, I do, so fuck him and fuck you too!
You think I give a damn about a Grammy?
Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me
"But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird?"
Why, so you guys could just lie to get me here?
So you can sit me here next to Britney Spears?
Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst
And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first
Little bitch put me on blast on MTV
"Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hee-hee."
I should download her audio in MP3
And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD (Agh!)
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups
All you do is annoy me, so I have been sent here to destroy you
And there's a million of us just like me
Who cuss like me, who just don't give a fuck like me
Who dress like me; walk, talk and act like me
And just might be the next best thing, but not quite me

[Hook]
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

[Verse 3]
I'm like a head trip to listen to, ‘cause I'm only givin' you
Things you joke about with your friends inside your livin' room
The only difference is I got the balls to say it in front of y'all
And I don't gotta be false or sugarcoat it at all
I just get on the mic and spit it
And whether you like to admit it, I just shit it
Better than 90% of you rappers out can
Then you wonder: "How can
Kids eat up these albums like Valiums?"
It's funny, ‘cause at the rate I'm going, when I'm 30
I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting
Pinching nurse's asses when I'm jacking off with Jergens
And I'm jerking, but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working
And every single person is a Slim Shady lurking
He could be working at Burger King, spittin' on your onion rings
Or in the parking lot, circling, screaming, "I don't give a fuck!"
With his windows down and his system up
So will the real Shady please stand up
And put one of those fingers on each hand up?
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go?

[Hook]
I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

[Outro]
Ha ha, I guess there’s a Slim Shady in all of us
Fuck it, let’s all stand up!
</song>
<song>
[B-Rabbit (Eminem)]
Now, everybody from the three-one-three
Put your motherfucking hands up and follow me!
Everybody from the three-one-three
Put your motherfucking hands up! Look, look...
Now, while he stands tough
Notice that this man did not have his hands up
This Free World's got you gassed up
Now, who's afraid of the Big Bad Wolf?
One, two, three, and to the four
One Pac, two Pac, three Pac, four
Four Pac, three Pac, two Pac, one
You're Pac, he's Pac, no Pac, none
This guy ain't no motherfucking MC
I know everything he's 'bout to say against me
I am white, I am a fucking bum
I do live in a trailer with my mom
My boy Future is an Uncle Tom
I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bob
Who shoots himself in his leg with his own gun
I did get jumped by all six of you chumps
And Wink did fuck my girl
I'm still standing here screaming, "Fuck the Free World!"
Don't ever try to judge me, dude
You don't know what the fuck I've been through
But I know something about you
You went to Cranbrook, that's a private school
What's the matter, dawg, you embarrassed?
This guy's a gangster? His real name's Clarence
And Clarence lives at home with both parents
And Clarence parents have a real good marriage
This guy don't wanna battle, he's shook
'Cause ain't no such things as halfway crooks
He's scared to death, he's scared to look
At his fucking yearbook; fuck Cranbrook!
Fuck a beat, I'll go a cappella
Fuck a Papa Doc, fuck a clock, fuck a trailer
Fuck everybody! Fuck y'all if you doubt me!
I'm a piece of fucking white trash, I say it proudly
And fuck this battle, I don't wanna win, I'm outtie
Here, tell these people something they don't know about me
</song>
<song>
[Intro]
Yeah, I know sometimes things may not always make sense to you right now. But hey, what'd Daddy always tell you? Straighten up, little soldier, stiffen up that upper lip! What you cryin' about? You got me

[Verse 1]
Hailie, I know you miss your mom, and I know you miss your dad
When I'm gone, but I'm tryin' to give you the life that I never had
I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh
I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you wanna cry
'Cause you're scared, I ain't there
Daddy's with you in your prayers
No more cryin', wipe them tears
Daddy's here, no more nightmares
We gon' pull together through it
We gon' do it, Lainie—Uncle's crazy, ain't he?
Yeah, but he loves you, girl, and you better know it
We're all we got in this world, when it spins, when it swirls
When it whirls, when it twirls, two little beautiful girls
Lookin' puzzled, in a daze, I know it's confusin' you
Daddy's always on the move, Momma's always on the news
I try to keep you sheltered from it, but somehow it seems
The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me
All the things growin' up as Daddy that he had to see
Daddy don't want you to see, but you see just as much as he did
We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me
But things have got so bad between us, I don't see us ever bein'
Together ever again, like we used to be when we was teenagers
But then, of course, everything always happens for a reason
I guess it was never meant to be, but it's just something
We have no control over, and that's what destiny is
But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep
Maybe one day we'll wake up and this'll all just be a dream

[Hook]
Now hush, little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know Mommy's not here right now, and we don't know why
We feel how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise, Momma's gon' be alright (heh)

[Verse 2]
It's funny, I remember back one year when Daddy had no money
Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up and stuck 'em under the tree
And said some of 'em were from me 'cause Daddy couldn't buy 'em
I'll never forget that Christmas, I sat up the whole night cryin'
'Cause Daddy felt like a bum—see, Daddy had a job
But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and Mom
And at the time, every house that we lived in
Either kept gettin' broken into and robbed or shot up on the block
And your mom was savin' money for you in a jar
Tryin' to start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college
Almost had a thousand dollars, 'til someone broke in and stole it
And I know it hurt so bad it broke your momma's heart
And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart
Mom and Dad was arguin' a lot, so Momma moved back
On to Chalmers in the flat, one bedroom apartment
And Dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara
And that's when Daddy went to California with his CD
And met Dr. Dre and flew you and Momma out to see me
But Daddy had to work, you and Momma had to leave me
Then you started seein' Daddy on the TV, and Momma didn't like it
And you and Lainie were too young to understand it
Papa was a rolling stone, Momma developed a habit
And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it
I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand
'Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud
Now I'm sittin' in this empty house
Just reminiscin', lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out
To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now
Wow, guess you pretty much are, and Daddy's still here
Lainie, I'm talkin' to you too, Daddy's still here
I like the sound of that, yeah, it's got a ring to it, don't it?
Sshh! Momma's only gone for the moment

[Hook]
Now hush, little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know Mommy's not here right now, and we don't know why
We feel how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise, Momma's gon' be alright

[Hook 2]
And if you ask me to, Daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird
I'ma give you the world
I'ma buy a diamond ring for you, I'ma sing for you
I'll do anything for you to see you smile
And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine
I'ma break that birdie's neck
I'll go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya
And make him eat every carat, don't fuck with Dad! (Ha-ha!)
</song>
<song>
[Intro]
Motherfuckers talkin' crazy (Yeah)
Sayin’ I should quit (Ah)
I fuckin' tell 'em make me (Bitch)
Eat a fuckin’ dick (Yeah)
I'm feelin' like the greatest (Woo!)
On the beat who ever did it
Mike WiLL the one who made it
It's Shady on the lyrics

[Verse 1]
I'm somewhat outlandish they say
You say we're cut from the same cloth
But I guess you fabricate, eh?
You better bring more men than the Latter Day Saints
Manic states, Stephen Paddock with automatic stay sprayin'
At anything that may stand in they way
As I stand at the bay window with a hand grenade
And a trey eight, at the Mandalay Bay
Common sense, I'm a dollar short and a day late
James Holmes at the Saturday Batman matinee
Must have missed my CAT scan that day (Yeah!)
I just threw a Tampax at Dre
Trashcan, Tascam and ashtray
I’m turning back to a madman, can’t take
Anymore but I try to get away from the anger and rage
My basal ganglia's an A to the K
Get your ass sprayed like bidets
Breakin’ your legs eight different ways, ankle to waist
You chumps don't even know how to do somethin'
To give goosebumps a day when you say
That somethin' you wrote gave someone a lump in their throat
Or you had them choked up, you’d be yankin' my chain (Ayy)
Feelin' like I'm headed for the padded cell, the
Bar for me when I rap isn't fair but
Guess that's the standard I'm held to
But if somethin' like that doesn't tell ya
You set a mark too high when platinum sales are
Looked at as a failure (Yeah)
Then you better take it back to The Shelter and Hamburger Helper
'Cause damn it I'm still the

[Chorus]
Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world
No lie, I might be
The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it
I feel like the greatest
Woke up to honkies sounding like me
Never be as good, never be as good
Packing up wife-beaters, white t-shirts, white
But I'm the greatest

[Verse 2]
So you sold 10 million albums, eh? (What?)
Only problem is, you put out 10 million albums, eh? (Haha)
Wait, what was I just about to say?
Oh yeah, let me get this out the way
I know there's people that are pissed about the way
I mispronounced a name, "DIE ANTWOORD!"
Fuck, I still can't say this shit, but how quickly they forget
Who the fuck I was now Ninja try to duck my slugs
You let ya girl get fucked by Muggs
I'd like to give a shout to Cypress (Woo!)
This can't be real, you dissed me and I was just tryin' to
Give you a shout—now get the fuck out my rhyme book!
No more shiners, already too much time tokin' rappers
I hear you talkin' shit, I'm just too big to respond to it
God forbid I forget, go and jump out the window
Somebody better child-proof it
'Cause if I lose it we can rewind to some old Ja Rule shit
And I can remind motherfuckers how I do shit
You don't got the tools I got in my toolkit (Bitch!)
I bullshit you not, y'all fools just forgot
That I'm so fuckin' awful with the thoughts
And when I'm hostile and impossible to stop
So you can call it a nostril 'cause it's-snot gonna ever
I'll never let up on the pedal, might as well get the mop
'Cause I'm wipin' up everyone in this genre
'Cause on the mic I feel like I'm the

[Chorus]
Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world
No lie, I might be
The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it
I feel like the greatest
Woke up to honkies sounding like me
Never be as good, never be as good
Packing up wife-beaters, white t-shirts, white
But I'm the greatest

[Verse 3]
Oh yeah, and one more thing I want to mention (What?)
Is you're one dimension
I'm a monkey wrench and I can flunk detention
I love contentions, so welcome to the gun convention
Muscles flexin', gotta strut like a front suspension
And you just stuck the key up in the ignition
And gave me enough gas to flood my engine (Yeah)
Psychopath, Michael's Jack's blowin' up like a raft
I should slap Vlad with a ISIS flag
Bet you I come back twice as bad (Uh)
Revival didn't go viral!
Denaun and Royce tell me that I should take the high road
Fuck that, I'm finna hit back
'Til I run out of gunpowder and split the scene
Hold the mic similar to pistol, squeeze
And I shoot from the hip when I grip them things
And my lips are the clips got the cig lit like it's nicotine
Trigger me and Slim gets mean (Prr!)
Bars are like bullets when I spit them schemes
That's why I call the motherfuckers M16s (woo!)
Float like a butterfly, I'm gonna sting like a bee
You ain't harmin' a thing
I hit a ding hard as I'm gonna swing
I'm gonna need to put my arm in a sling
But like a wedding band
You gotta be diamond to even climb in the ring
Anomaly, I'm Muhammad Ali
'Cause I know one day I'm gonna be the

[Chorus]
Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world
No lie, I might be
The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it
I feel like the greatest
Woke up to honkies sounding like me
Never be as good, never be as good
Packing up wife-beaters, white t-shirts, white
But I'm the greatest
</song>
<song>
[Intro]
Lately I've been hard to reach
I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world
Where they can be alone
Are you calling me?
Are you trying to get through?
Are you reaching out for me
Then I'm reaching out for you

[Verse 1]
I'm just so fuckin' depressed
I just can't seem to get out this slump
If I could just get over this hump
But I need somethin' to pull me out this dump
I took my bruises, took my lumps
Fell down and I got right back up
But I need that spark to get psyched back up
In order for me to pick the mic back up
I don't know how or why or when
I ended up in this position I'm in
I'm starting to feel distant again
So I decided just to pick this pen
Up and try to make an attempt to vent
But I just can't admit or come to grips with the fact
That I may be done with rap, I need a new outlet
And I know some shit's so hard to swallow
But I just can't sit back and wallow
In my own sorrow, but I know one fact:
I'll be one tough act to follow, one tough act to follow
I'll be one tough act to follow
Here today, gone tomorrow
But you'd have to walk a thousand miles—

[Chorus]
In my shoes, just to see what it's like to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you
Don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you

[Verse 2]
I think I'm starting to lose my sense of humor
Everything's so tense and gloom
I almost feel like I gotta check the temperature
Of the room, just as soon as
I walk in, it's like all eyes on me
So I try to avoid any eye contact
‘Cause if I do that, then it opens a door
For conversation like I want that
I'm not lookin' for extra attention
I just wanna be just like you
Blend in with the rest of the room
Maybe just point me to the closest restroom
I don't need no fuckin' man-servant
Tryna follow me around and wipe my ass
Laugh at every single joke I crack
And half of 'em ain't even funny, like, "Ha!
Marshall, you're so funny, man
You should be a comedian, goddamn!"
Unfortunately I am
I just hide behind the tears of a clown
So why don't you all sit down?
Listen to the tale I'm about to tell
Hell, we don't gotta trade our shoes
And you ain't gotta walk no thousand miles—

[Chorus]
In my shoes, just to see what it's like to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you
Don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you

[Verse 3]
Nobody asked for life to deal us
With these bullshit hands we're dealt
We gotta take these cards ourselves
And flip 'em, don't expect no help
Now, I could've either just sat on my ass
And pissed and moaned
Or take this situation in which I'm placed in
And get up and get my own
I was never the type of kid
To wait by the door and pack his bags
And sat on the porch and hoped and prayed
For a dad to show up who never did
I just wanted to fit in in every single place
Every school I went, I dreamed of being that cool kid
Even if it meant acting stupid
Aunt Edna always told me:
"Keep making that face, it'll get stuck like that."
Meanwhile, I'm just standin' there
Holdin' my tongue, tryin' to talk like this
'Til I stuck my tongue on that frozen stop sign pole
At eight years old; I learned my lesson then
‘Cause I wasn't tryin' to impress my friends no mo'
But I already told you my whole life story
Not just based on my description
‘Cause where you see it from where you're sittin'
It's probably 110% different
I guess we would have to walk a mile
In each other's shoes at least
What size you wear? I wear 10's
Let's see if you can fit your feet—

[Chorus]
In my shoes, just to see what it's like to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you
Don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you

[Bridge]
Lately I've been hard to reach
I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world
Where they can be alone
Are you calling me?
Are you trying to get through?
Are you reaching out for me
Then I'm reaching out for you

[Outro]
Yeah, to my babies: stay strong
Daddy'll be home soon
And to the rest of the world
God gave you them shoes to fit you
So put 'em on and wear 'em
Be yourself, man, be proud of who you are
Even if it sounds corny
Never let no one tell you you ain't beautiful
</song>
<song>
[Chorus]
I’m not afraid (I’m not afraid)
To take a stand (To take a stand)
Everybody (Everybody)
Come take my hand (Come take my hand)
We’ll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just lettin' you know that you’re not alone
Holla if you feel like you’ve been down the same road

[Intro]
Yeah, it's been a ride
I guess I had to go to that place to get to this one
Now some of you might still be in that place
If you're tryna get out, just follow me
I'll get you there

[Verse 1]
You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay 'em
But you won't take the sting out these words before I say 'em
'Cause ain't no way I'ma let you stop me from causin' mayhem
When I say I'ma do somethin', I do it
I don't give a damn what you think, I'm doin' this for me
So fuck the world, feed it beans
It's gassed up if it thinks it's stoppin' me
I'ma be what I set out to be, without a doubt, undoubtably
And all those who look down on me
I'm tearin' down your balcony
No ifs, ands or buts, don't try to ask him why or how can he
From Infinite down to the last Relapse album he's still shittin'
Whether he's on salary, paid hourly
Until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him
Whichever comes first, for better or worse
He's married to the game
Like a "fuck you" for Christmas, his gift is a curse
Forget the Earth, he's got the urge to pull his dick from the dirt
And fuck the whole universe

[Chorus]
I’m not afraid (I’m not afraid)
To take a stand (To take a stand)
Everybody (Everybody)
Come take my hand (Come take my hand)
We’ll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just lettin' you know that you’re not alone
Holla if you feel like you’ve been down the same road

[Verse 2]
Okay, quit playin' with the scissors and shit, and cut the crap
I shouldn't have to rhyme these words in a rhythm
For you to know it's a rap
You said you was king, you lied through your teeth
For that, fuck your feelings
Instead of gettin' crowned, you're gettin' capped
And to the fans, I'll never let you down again, I'm back
I promise to never go back on that promise
In fact, let's be honest, that last Relapse CD was "ehh"
Perhaps I ran them accents into the ground
Relax, I ain't goin' back to that now
All I'm tryin' to say is get back, click-clack-blaow
'Cause I ain't playin' around
There's a game called circle and I don't know how
I'm way too up to back down
But I think I'm still tryin' to figure this crap out
Thought I had it mapped out, but I guess I didn't
This fuckin' black cloud still follows me around
But it's time to exorcise these demons
These muh'fuckers are doin' jumpin' jacks now

[Chorus]
I’m not afraid (I’m not afraid)
To take a stand (To take a stand)
Everybody (Everybody)
Come take my hand (Come take my hand)
We’ll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just lettin' you know that you’re not alone
Holla if you feel like you’ve been down the same road

[Bridge]
And I just can’t keep livin' this way
So startin' today
I’m breakin' out of this cage
I’m standin' up, I'ma face my demons
I’m mannin' up, I'ma hold my ground
I’ve had enough, now I’m so fed up
Time to put my life back together right now

[Verse 3]
It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me
Admittedly I probably did it subliminally for you
So I could come back a brand-new me
You helped see me through
And don't even realize what you did, believe me you
I've been through the wringer
But they can do little to the middle finger
I think I got a tear in my eye, I feel like the king of
My world, haters can make like bees with no stingers
And drop dead: no more beef lingers
No more drama from now on, I promise
To focus solely on handlin' my responsibilities as a father
So I solemnly swear to always treat this roof like my daughters
And raise it, you couldn't lift a single shingle on it
‘Cause the way I feel, I'm strong enough to go to the club
Or the corner pub and lift the whole liquor counter up
‘Cause I'm raisin' the bar
I'd shoot for the moon, but I'm too busy gazin' at stars
I feel amazin', and I'm—

[Chorus]
I’m not afraid (I’m not afraid)
To take a stand (To take a stand)
Everybody (Everybody)
Come take my hand (Come take my hand)
We’ll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just lettin' you know that you’re not alone
Holla if you feel like you’ve been down the same road
</song>
<song>
[Verse 1]
Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for?
Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for
When they know they're your heart and you know you were their armor
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
But what happens when karma turns right around to bite you?
And everything you stand for turns on you to spite you?
What happens when you become the main source of her pain?
"Daddy, look what I made!" "Dad's gotta go catch a plane"
"Daddy, where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy, where is she?"
"I don't know, go play, Hailie, baby, your daddy's busy
Daddy's writin' a song, this song ain't gon' write itself
I'll give you one underdog, then you gotta swing by yourself"
Then turn right around on that song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother who's a spitting image of her
That's Slim Shady, yeah, baby, Slim Shady's crazy
Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rock-a-bye baby

[Chorus]
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn, rejoice
Every time you hear the sound of my voice, just know that
I'm lookin' down on you smilin' and I didn't feel a thang
So, baby, don't feel no pain, just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn, rejoice
Every time you hear the sound of my voice, just know that
I'm lookin' down on you smilin' and I didn't feel a thang
So, baby, don't feel no pain, just smile back

[Verse 2]
I keep havin' this dream, I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing
She keeps screamin' she don't want me to sing
"You're makin' Mommy cry, why? Why is Mommy cryin'?"
"Baby, Daddy ain't leavin' no more" "Daddy, you're lyin'!
You always say that, you always say this is the last time
But you ain't leavin' no more, Daddy, you're mine!"
She's pilin' boxes in front of the door, tryna block it
"Daddy, please! Daddy, don't leave! Daddy, no, stop it!"
Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket
It's got a picture, "This'll keep you safe, Daddy, take it with ya!"
I look up, it's just me standin' in the mirror
These fuckin' walls must be talkin', 'cause man, I can hear 'em
They're sayin', "You got one more chance to do right and it's tonight
Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em 'fore it's too late!"
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door
It turns to a stage, they're gone and this spotlight is on and I'm singin'

[Chorus]
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn, rejoice
Every time you hear the sound of my voice, just know that
I'm lookin' down on you smilin' and I didn't feel a thang
So, baby, don't feel no pain, just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn, rejoice
Every time you hear the sound of my voice, just know that
I'm lookin' down on you smilin' and I didn't feel a thang
So, baby, don't feel no pain, just smile back

[Verse 3]
Sixty-thousand people all jumpin' out their seat
The curtain closes, they're throwin' roses at my feet
I take a bow, and thank you all for comin' out
They're screamin' so loud, I take one last look at the crowd
I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seein'
"Daddy, it's me! Help Mommy, her wrists are bleedin'!"
But baby, we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden?
"I followed you, Daddy, you told me that you weren't leavin'
You lied to me, Dad, and now you made Mommy sad
And I bought you this coin, it says 'Number One Dad'
That's all I wanted, I just wanted to give you this coin
I get the point, fine, me and Mommy are goin'."
But baby, wait! – "It's too late, Dad, you made the choice
Now go up there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us
That's what they want, they want you, Marshall, they keep
Screamin' your name, it's no wonder you can't go to sleep
Just take another pill, yeah, I bet you you will
You rap about it, yeah, word, k-keep it real."
I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see
How could it be that the curtain is closin' on me?
I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it
Put it to my brain, scream, "Die, Shady!" and pop it
The sky darkens, my life flashes, the plane that I was
Supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes
That's when I wake up, alarm clock's ringin', there's birds singin'
It's spring and Hailie's outside swingin'
I walk right up to Kim and kiss her, tell her I miss her
Hailie just smiles, and winks at her little sister, almost as if to say

[Chorus]
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn, rejoice
Every time you hear the sound of my voice, just know that
I'm lookin' down on you smilin' and I didn't feel a thang
So, baby, don't feel no pain, just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn, rejoice
Every time you hear the sound of my voice, just know that
I'm lookin' down on you smilin' and I didn't feel a thang
So, baby, don't feel no pain, just smile back
</song>
<song>
[Verse 1: Eminem]
I used to be the type of kid
That would always think the sky is fallin'
Why am I so differently wired? Am I a martian?
What kind of twisted experiment am I involved in?
‘Cause I don't belong in this world
That's why I'm scoffin' at authority, defiant often
Flyin' off at the handle at my mom
No dad, so I am noncompliant at home
At school I'm just shy and awkward
And I don't need no goddamn psychologist
Tryna diagnose why I have all these underlyin' problems
Thinkin' he can try and solve 'em
I'm outside chalkin' up drawings
On the sidewalk and in the front drive talkin'
To myself, either that or inside hidin' off in
The corner somewhere quiet, tryin' not to
Be noticed ‘cause I'm cryin' and sobbin'
I had a bad day at school so I ain't talkin'
Some cocksucker shoved me into a fuckin' locker
‘Cause he said that I eye-balled him

[Pre-Hook: Polina]
And if you fall, I'll get you there
I'll be your savior from all the wars
That are fought inside your world
Please have faith in my words

[Hook: Polina]
‘Cause this is my legacy, legacy, yeah
This is my legacy, legacy, yeah
There's no guarantee
It's not up to me, we can only see
This is my legacy, legacy, legacy, legacy

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky's fallin'
Why am I so differently wired in my noggin?
‘Cause sporadic as my thoughts come, it's mind-bogglin'
‘Cause I obsess on everything in my mind, small shit
Bothers me, but not my father, he said sayonara
Then split, but I don’t give a shit
I'm fine long as there's batteries in my Walkman
Nothing is the matter with me
Shit, look on the bright side, at least I ain't walkin'
I bike ride through the neighborhood of my apartment
Complex on a ten-speed which I've acquired parts that
I find in the garbage, a frame, then put tires on it
Headphones on, look straight ahead if kids try and start shit
But if this is all there is for me, life offers
Why bother even tryin' to put up a fight? It's nonsense
But I think a light bulb just lit up in my conscience
What about them rhymes I've been jottin'?
They are kind of giving me confidence
Instead of tryin' to escape through my comics
Why don't I just blast a little something like Onyx?
To put me in the mood to wanna fight and write songs that
Say what I wanna say to the kid that said that I eye-balled him
Grab hold of my balls, like, "That's right, fight's on, bitch!"
Who woulda knew, from the moment I turned the mic on, that
I could be iconic in my conquest?
That's word to Phife Dawg from A Tribe Called Quest

[Hook: Polina]
This is my legacy, legacy, yeah
This is my legacy, legacy, yeah
There's no guarantee
It's not up to me, we can only see
This is my legacy, legacy, legacy, legacy

[Verse 3: Eminem]
I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky's fallin'
Now I think the fact that I'm differently wired's awesome
‘Cause if I wasn't, I wouldn't be able to work words like this
And connect lines like crosswords
And use my enemy's words as strength
To try and draw from, and get inspired off 'em
‘Cause all my life I was told and taught I am not shit
By you wack fuckin' giant sacks of lyin' dog shit
Now you shut up, bitch, I am talkin'
Thought I was full of horseshit
And now you fuckin' worship the ground on which I am walkin'
Me against the world, so what? I'm Brian Dawkins
Versus the whole 0-16 Lions offense
So bring on the Giants, Falcons, and Miami Dolphins
It's the body bag game, bitch, I'm supplyin' coffins
‘Cause you dicks butt kiss, bunch of Brian Baldingers
You're gon' die a ball licker, I've been diabolical
With this dialogue since '99 Rawkus
You don't respect the legacy I leave behind, y'all can
Suck a dick; the day you beat me, pigs'll fly out my ass
In a flyin' saucer full of Italian sausage
The most high exaltin' and I ain't haltin'
'Til I die of exhaustion, inhale my exhaust fumes
The best part about me is I am not you
I'm me, and I'm the Fire Marshall, and this is my—
</song>
<song>
[Verse 1]
Have you ever been hated or discriminated against?
I have—I've been protested and demonstrated against
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times
Sick is the mind of the motherfuckin' kid that's behind
All this commotion, emotions run deep as oceans, explodin'
Tempers flarin' from parents, just blow 'em off and keep goin'
Not takin' nothin' from no one, give 'em hell long as I'm breathin'
Keep kickin' ass in the morning and takin' names in the evenin'
Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth
See, they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out
Look at me now! I bet you're prob'ly sick of me now
Ain't you, Mama? I'ma make you look so ridiculous now!

[Hook]
I'm sorry, Mama, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (One more time!)
I said I'm sorry, Mama, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (Ha!)

[Verse 2]
I got some skeletons in my closet
And I don't know if no one knows it
So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it
I'ma expose it; I'll take you back to '73
Before I ever had a multi-platinum-selling CD
I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months
My faggot father must've had his panties up in a bunch
‘Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye
No, I don't, on second thought, I just fuckin' wished he would die
I look at Hailie, and I couldn't picture leavin' her side
Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try
To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake
I maybe made some mistakes
But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face 'em today
What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb
But the smartest shit I did was take the bullets out of that gun
‘Cause I'da killed 'em, shit, I woulda shot Kim and him both
It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to The Eminem Show

[Hook]
I'm sorry, Mama, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (One more time!)
I said I'm sorry, Mama, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (Uh)

[Verse 3]
Now, I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition
Take a second to listen 'fore you think this record is dissin'
But put yourself in my position, just try to envision
Witnessin' your mama poppin' prescription pills in the kitchen
Bitchin' that someone's always goin' through her purse and shit's missin'
Goin' through public housing systems
Victim of Münchausen's Syndrome
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't
'Til I grew up, now I blew up
It makes you sick to your stomach, doesn't it?
Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me, Ma?
So you could try to justify the way you treated me, Ma?
But guess what, you're gettin' older now
And it's cold when you're lonely
And Nathan's growin' up so quick
He's gonna know that you're phony
And Hailie's gettin' so big now, you should see her, she's beautiful
But you'll never see her—she won't even be at your funeral (ha-ha!)
See, what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong
Bitch, do your song, keep tellin' yourself that you was a mom!
But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get?!
You selfish bitch, I hope you fuckin' burn in hell for this shit!
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me?
Well, guess what, I am dead—dead to you as can be!

[Hook]
I'm sorry, Mama, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (One more time!)
I said I'm sorry, Mama, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet
</song>
<song>
[Chorus: Eminem]
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? (Excuse me) My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
(Can I have the attention of the class for one second?)
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady

[Verse 1: Eminem & Dr. Dre]
Hi, kids, do you like violence? (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Wanna see me stick nine-inch nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah, yeah)
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? (Huh?)
My brain's dead weight, I'm tryna get my head straight
But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Oh)
And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady, you a basehead" (Uh-uh)
"Then why's your face red? Man, you wasted"
Well, since age twelve, I felt like I'm someone else
'Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off
And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross
I smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass
Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast
Come here, slut; "Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dawg"
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off

[Chorus: Eminem]
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady

[Verse 2: Eminem]
My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high (Shh)
Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be 35
I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler
And stapled his nuts to a stack of paper (Ow)
Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup
Extraterrestrial, running over pedestrians in a spaceship While they're screaming at me, "Let's just be friends"
99 percent of my life, I was lied to
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do (Damn)
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doin' drugs and name it after her
(Oh, thank you)
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
And try to touch your hands like some screamin' Usher fans
(Ahh, ahh, ahh)
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it, "Dear Dave, thanks for the support, asshole"

[Chorus: Eminem]
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Stop the tape, this kid needs to be locked away (Get him)
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, operate
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that)
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive
(Huh, yup)
Am I comin' or goin'? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive? (Go ahead)
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops)
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk
I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (Come here)
When I was little, I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
How you gonna breastfeed me, Mom? You ain't got no tits
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
With a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (Bang)
'Cause I'm steamin' mad (Grr)
And by the way, when you see my dad (Yeah?)
Tell him that I slit his throat in this dream I had

[Chorus: Eminem]
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, who? My name is, huh?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
</song>
<song>
[Verse 1: Eminem]
We touch, I feel a rush; we clutch, it isn't much
But it's enough to make me wonder what's in store for us
It's lust, it's torturous, you must be a sorceress
'Cause you just did the impossible: gained my trust
Don't play games, it'll be dangerous
If you fuck me over, ‘cause if I get burnt, I'ma show ya
What it's like to hurt, ‘cause I been treated like dirt before ya
And love is evil — spell it backwards, I'll show ya
Nobody knows me, I'm cold, walk down this road all alone
It's no one's fault but my own, it's the path I've chosen to go
Frozen as snow, I show no emotion whatsoever so
Don't ask me why I have no love for these muh'fuckin' hoes
Bloodsuckin' succubuses, what the fuck is up with this?
I've tried in this department, but I ain't had no luck with this
It sucks, but it's exactly what I thought it would be like
Tryin' to start over, I got a hole in my heart
But some kind of emotional roller coaster
Is something I won't go on
So you toy with my emotions, so it's over
It's like an explosion every time I hold ya
Wasn't joking when I told ya
You take my breath away, you're a supernova, and I'm a—

[Chorus: Steve McEwan]
I'm a space-bound rocket ship and your heart's the Moon
And I'm aimin' right at you, right at you
250,000 miles on a clear night in June
And I'm aimin' right at you
Right at you, right at you

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I'll do whatever it takes, when I'm with you, I get the shakes
My body aches when I ain't with you, I have zero strength
There's no limit on how far I would go, no boundaries, no lengths
Why do we say that until we get that person that we think's
Gonna be that one? And then once we get 'em, it's never the same
You want 'em when they don't want you
Soon as they do, feelings change
It's not a contest and I ain't on no conquest for no mate
I wasn't lookin' when I stumbled on to you, musta been fate
But so much is at stake, what the fuck does it take?
Let's cut to the chase 'fore the door shuts in your face
Promise me if I cave in and break and leave myself open
That I won't be makin' a mistake, ‘cause I'm a—

[Chorus: Steve McEwan]
I'm a space-bound rocket ship and your heart's the Moon
And I'm aimin' right at you, right at you
250,000 miles on a clear night in June
And I'm aimin' right at you
Right at you, right at you

[Verse 3: Eminem]
So, after a year and six months, it's no longer me that you want
But I love you so much it hurts, never mistreated you once
I poured my heart out to you, let down my guard, swear to God
I blow my brains in your lap, lay here and die in your arms
Drop to my knees and I'm pleadin', I'm tryna stop you from leavin'
You won't even listen, so fuck it, I'm tryna stop you from breathin'
I put both hands on your throat, I sit on top of you squeezin'
'Til I snap your neck like a Popsicle stick, ain't no possible reason
I can think of to let you walk up out this house and let you live
Tears stream down both of my cheeks
Now I let you go and just give
And 'fore I put that gun to my temple, I told you this

[Bridge: Eminem]
And I would've done anything for you
To show you how much I adored you
But it's over now, it's too late to save our love
Just promise me you'll think of me
Every time you look up in the sky and see a star, ‘cause I'm a—

[Chorus: Steve McEwan]
I'm a space-bound rocket ship and your heart's the Moon
And I'm aimin' right at you, right at you
250,000 miles on a clear night in June
And I'm so lost without you
Without you, without you
</song>

<song>
[Hook]
Step by step, heart to heart
Left, right, left
We all fall down like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart
We never win
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers

[Verse 1]
I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure
Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders
I ain't never supposed to show it, my crew ain't supposed to know it
Even if it means goin' toe-to-toe with a Benzino
It don't matter, I never drag 'em in battles that I can't handle
'Less I absolutely have to, I'm supposed to set an example
I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide 'em
If some shit ever does pop off, I'm supposed to be beside 'em
That Ja shit, I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it
There's a certain line you just don't cross, and he crossed it
I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it
It was crazy, the shit went way beyond some JAY-Z and Nas shit
And even though the battle was won, I feel like we lost it
I spent so much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted
And I'm so caught in it that I almost feel I'm the one who caused it
This ain't what I'm in hip-hop for, that's not why I got in it
That was never my object, for someone to get killed
Why would I wanna destroy something I helped build?
That wasn't my intentions, my intentions were good
I went through my whole career without ever mentionin' ****
And that was just outta respect, for not runnin' my mouth
And talkin' about somethin' that I knew nothin' about
Plus Dre told me stay out, this just wasn't my beef
So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth
While he's all over TV, down-talkin' the man
Who literally saved my life, like fuck it, I understand
This is business, and this shit just isn't none of my business
But still knowin' the shit could pop off at any minute, ‘cause—

[Hook]
Step by step, heart to heart
Left, right, left
We all fall down like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart
We never win
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers

[Verse 2]
There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme and
Wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dyin'
But now it's elevated, ‘cause once you put someone's kids in it
The shit gets escalated — it ain't just words no more, is it?
It's a different ballgame, you call names and you ain't just rappin'
We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin'
Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him
And asked him not to start it, he wasn't gonna go after him
Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how he stabbed him
Fuck it, 50, smash him! Mash on him, let him have it
Meanwhile my attention's pulled in another direction
Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk
Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection
Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record
But now he's fucked the game up 'cause one of the ways I came up
Was through that publication, the same one that made me famous
Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin'?
Well, fuck it, that motherfucker could get it too, fuck him then!
But I'm so busy bein' pissed off, I don't stop to think
That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc.
And he's inherited mine, which is fine, ain't like either of us mind
But we still have soldiers that's on the front line
Who's willin' to die for us as soon as we give the orders
Never to extort us, strictly to show they support us
And maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in a chorus
To show 'em we love 'em back and let 'em know how important it is
To have Runyon Avenue soldiers up in our corners
Their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is
But I ain't tryna have none of my people hurt or murdered
It ain't worth it, I can't think of a perfecter way to word it
Than to just say that I love y'all too much to see the verdict
I'll walk away from it all 'fore I let it go any further
But don't get it twisted, it's not a plea that I'm coppin'
I'm just willin' to be the bigger man, if y'all can quit poppin'
Off at the jaws, well, then I can, ‘cause frankly I'm sick of talkin'
I'm not gonna let someone else's coffin rest on my conscience ‘cause—

[Hook]
Step by step, heart to heart
Left, right, left
We all fall down like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart
We never win
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers
</song>
